README.md, before:

# quiz app - proof of concept to apply : Typescript + Jest (+RNTL) + Redux Toolkit

I'm building this application to strict myself to write tests using jest along with react native testing library to avoid regression later, and try to write clean code using Typescript to reduce the amount of bugs during development phase, as well as best practices and conventions to make my app easy to read, debug and maintain.

I'm not restricted to only technologies mentioned at the title, I may use RTK Query to handle async actions instead of redux-thunk, as well as using Redux Saga and too many techniques and libraries that I want to use in that app. Of course, the app can be built using simple state (using context API along with reducer API), but I deliberatly decided to use Redux to practice and know how to use it.

The app is really simple, It is a quizzes game that allows users to play quiz by showing questions in form of text or images and other quiz forms and let user pick one or more answers. The app track the user levels, lives, helps and many data that will be stored in either a local database or async storage, and of course some of the data will be shared across all the app like user's lives (the user should have at least 1 in order to play a quiz), and redux will make it possible to share these kind of data as well as actions that should be dispatched from different places and screens.

I'll modify this read-me file to make the steps simple to read and follow

Commit message:

Add readme file and specify steps to install the app

README.md, after:

# Simple Quiz Application

A simple quiz application that offers a simple UI and a straightforward screens and logic.

Please **do the following actions before build the app** :

- 1 - run the following command :
  **cp .env .env.example**
  _(or manually copy the .env.example file in the root directory and rename it to .env)_

- 2 - Open your **admobe** account (Create one if you don't have already an account), and create two applications: one for Android and one for iOS.

- 3 - Copy the **App ID** for your android/ios apps from admob (Home -> Select the app -> App Settings -> App ID), and past them in app.json file in the root directory (within android_app_id & ios_app_id properties).

- 4 - Within your Admobe app, create 3 Ad units: Banner, Interstitial, and Rewarded Ads.
  In rewarded ad, please specify :

  1.  Reward amount = 10
  2.  reward item = $

- 5 - After creating all the 3 ad units, go to :  
  Admobe -> Select the app -> Ad Units : copy the ID for each ad unit (banner, interstitial and rewarded), and past them in .env file properties (ADMOB_BANNER_UNIT_ID, ADMOB_INTERSTITIAL_UNIT_ID, ADMOB_REWARDED_UNIT_ID respectively)

- 6 - Then, install all required libraries and dependencies by running:
  **yarn install**
- 7 - Finally run your app on you device or emulator :
  **npx react-native run-android**

### Note

The default package name is by default : **com.quiz**. If you decide to change the package name, you have to change it also in .env file (PACKAGE_NAME).
This is important because the package name value inside .env file is used in many places within the app, like sharing the app, testing, and rating the app..etc.
